Adopt a pet from the Marblehead Animal Shelter!

All our cats are tested for FeLV and FIV, given a rabies and distemper shot, and spayed or neutered. We take care of any other medical problems as well. Dogs are brought up to date on their shots and are spayed or neutered. Any other medical problems they have are taken care of. We interview everyone wishing to adopt a pet and ask them to make out an application form for cats, dogs or rabbits, birds and other small animals. Our reasonable fees do not cover our costs. We are open for adoptions on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday from 4:00 pm to 6:30 pm, on Friday from 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm, on Saturday from noon to 6:00 pm and on Sunday from noon to 3:00 pm. Come in and pick out the best friend you will ever have.

ADOPT A SHELTER CAT AND SAVE A LIFE
Our shelter is a true no-kill shelter run by all dedicated volunteers. Because we are a no-kill shelter, every cage is full and we have an intake list a mile long.
We have several cats available for adoption that unfortunately do not show well at the shelter. Many would do best in a single cat/pet home. They are so friendly and relaxed when they out of their cages by themselves. That is when you see their true personalities.
All they need is someone who is understanding of their situation here at the shelter and how relaxed they will be in a home away from all the stress in the shelter.
Come into the shelter and see for yourself all these wonderful cats, who are yearning for a forever home. You just might have a chemistry with one of them.

Available Cats

Empress Phoebe
Domestic Short Hair/white mix
Size: Medium
Age: Adult
Sex: Female 

Empress Phoebe had two litters while living life on the streets. How sad is that? She was pregnant with a third litter and a nice lady took her in to have the kittens and was immediately rescued into the shelter. We were told she was a great mom and protective of her kittens.
Empress is an all pure white short hair cat except for two small black patches on the tippidy top of her head and a black round dot on her nose. Two of her three kittens in the litter looked exactly like her. The third kitten was an adorable all black one. They have all been placed!
Empress Phoebe is approximately three and half years old, in excellent health, and tested negative for FIV and FeLV. She missed her kittens and was not happy for awhile. She considered her cage her territory and was cage aggressive. She was given a larger cage and is much happier adjusting to shelter life without her babies.
At first life with Empress Phoebe would have to be on her own terms. The best situation for her would be a quiet home without children and no other pets. She will need a soft chair to nap on and windows to watch the birds. With time and patience this pretty, lovely cat will emerge into a wonderful friend, companion, and pet.
Empress Phoebe is up to date with routine shots, house trained and spayed.

Maurice
Tabby-Brown & Extra-Toes Cat (Hemingway Polydactyl) mix
Size: Medium
Age: Young
Sex: Male 

Maurice is a shy sweet lovable kitty. He is also a lucky cat. Why is he a lucky cat? He is Polydacty, which means he is double pawed on his front legs. In his case he looks triple pawed. Polydactyl cats are considered lucky cats.
This darling cat is estimated to be two years old, a gray tabby and white short hair with a cute little expressive face. He is in excellent health and tested negative for FIV and FeLV.
Maurice was a stray and came into the shelter very thin and frightened. He has filled out nicely. He cannot get enough affection while in his cage. He loves when you go to his cage and talk to him, give him attention, and never stop petting him. He is a little timid and would rather be out of his cage alone to exercise than with the other cats. It can be threatening to be with so many cats in the shelter. For now it would be best if he was in a single cat home.
Maurice is a lucky cat, but whoever adopts him will be so lucky to have him. This little sweetheart has so much love to share in a forever home.
Maurice is up to date with routine shots, house trained and neutered.

Gilly
Domestic Short Hair-black & white & tuxedo mix
Size: Small
Age: Young
Sex: Female 

Gilly is a one year old black and white tuxedo cat with an unusual cute mustache. She was rescued into the shelter with 3 kittens who were less than one week old at the time. She is small and very young herself. She is in excellent health and tested negative FIV and FeLV.
Gilly was in foster care and this is how her foster care person described her. She loves attention on her terms. She does not like to be held, but does enjoy curling up on your lap. She was in foster care with two medium size dogs, who run away from her. She has learned to tolerate the dogs. She chases and hisses at the cats, if they get too close to her. She also enjoys playing with toys and loves watching the birds and squirrels in the yard. When she is tired, she curls up and sleeps for long periods of time. She would do best in a single cat home without children or might do fine in a home with one other cat who does not want any feline companionship.
All her kittens were placed in fabulous homes. Now it is time for Gilly to be placed in a fabulous home.
Gilly is up to date with routine shots, house trained and spayed.

Ruby
Tiger & Domestic Short Hair brown mix
Size: Small
Age: Young
Sex: Female 

Ruby is a giving unselfish little cat. She was brought into the shelter with a litter of kittens, who she cared for very well. Unbeknown to the shelter, she was pregnant with another litter. Unexpectedly, an infant litter of babies were rescued with no mom, who desperately needed mothers milk. Ruby was the only mother who the baby kittens could nurse on. Would you believe Ruby accepted these babies, mothered and nurtured them like they were her own. All the kittens were placed in forever homes and now it is Ruby's chance to have a forever home.
Ruby is about two or three years old, small boned, and petite. She looks like a kitten. She is a light cocoa color tabby, almost a buff. She is in excellent health and tested negative for FIV and FeLV.
Using a term of the younger generation, Ruby needs time to Chill-Out after mothering all those kittens. Well, she has chilled-out and is receptive to petting, and engages with the attention visitors give her in the shelter. Ruby has made a dramatic turn around and is obviously yearning for love.
We do recommend not placing her with small children and other pets. Ruby deserves a forever home like all her kittens she nurtured and gave life.
Ruby is up to date with routine shots, house trained and spayed.

Available Dogs

Bryce 
Male Lab Mix 
3 Months 
16 lbs. 

Greetings. My name is Bryce. My siblings and I traveled from Georgia while dreaming of becoming important members of forever families. I am ready to find a forever home with someone just like you! Puppies are a lot of fun. I will provide you with hours of entertainment and a lifetime of love. I'm hoping you can teach me how to be an important part of your family. I'll need lessons on housebreaking, chewing, and basic manners. It shouldn't take me very long to learn everything because you will love me and be very patient.

Singer
Female Lab Mix 
3 Months
20 lbs. 

Hello, my name is Singer and I am a fun loving little girl from Georgia. My brother Spot and I were born in Georgia, rescued and came here on a van so we could become important members of loving families! If you would like to learn more about me, please come on in.

Kenneth 
Male Lab Mix 
3 Months , 9 lbs. 

Hello. My name is Kenneth. My 7 siblings and I were born in Georgia. I am handsome and fun to watch. I love playing, exploring and cuddling with my siblings. I am ready to find a forever home with someone just like you! Puppies are a lot of fun. I will provide you with hours of entertainment and a lifetime of love. I'm hoping you can teach me how to be an important part of your family. I'll need lessons on housebreaking, chewing, and basic manners. It shouldn't take me very long to learn everything because you will love me and be very patient.

Myra
Female Pit Bull and Yorkie Mix 
1 Year
34 lbs. 

Hello. My name is Myra and I am a cutie pie. My daddy is a Pit bull and my mommy is a Yorkie. Neither were fixed and they were living together. I lived with my doggie family until I was 4 months old and then I went to live with people 19 and up. I loved sleeping in a bedroom with a nice adult lady. I tried out several beds and dog beds, but found that I enjoyed sleeping in a box on it's side with a blanket in it. I think boxes are rather cool! I was taken out for 2, 15 min. walks and one other potty break each day. Maybe my new family can bring me outside more often. I really am looking forward to becoming an important family member and I promise to bring you much happiness.

Other Animails Available

Thumper
Bunny Rabbit & Angora Rabbit mix
Size: Small
Age: Baby
Sex: Male 

Thumper is a four month old baby bunny. He is very playful and has a wonderful personality. His cinnamon coloring is outstanding and so beautiful.
Little Thumper didn't have a chance with the family dogs. It was not fair, so he was surrendered to the shelter.
He is in excellent health. Too young to be neutered. Loves to play with paper towel cardboard rolls.





