
Make your tax deductible cash donation here.

Donate www.paypal.com\FONAA

Our Wish List
Don't ever ask FOMAA volunteers what they need, because they'll tell you! Some of the items on our current wish list are listed below and are also available as a pdf to download. If you or anyone you know is able to contribute one or more items to the Shelter, we'd love to hear from you. Simply call 781 631-8664 or stop by during adoption hours: Monday, Tuesday and Thursday from 4:00 to 6:30 pm, Friday from 5:00 to 7:00 pm, Saturday from noon to 6:00 pm and Sunday from noon to 3:00 pm.

ADULT CAT FOOD
Dry Food:
Nutro Max Cat indoor weight control
Any grain free dry food
Wet Food Pat or chopped:
Purina One
Newman's Organic
Wellness
Earthborn

KITTEN FOOD
Dry food
Royal Canin Mother & BabyCat
Purina Focus
Blue Buffalo Kitten
Wet food (please, no seafood)
Royal Canin
Fancy Feast Pate Kitten
Purina One
Large Bags of Friskies, Nine Lives dry and wet food for our feral colonies
Please, no seafood of any kind!

FOOD FOR FERAL CATS
Dry food
Any large bags of food (Friskies, Purina, Nine Lives, etc.)
Wet food
Any brand shredded or pat

FOOD FOR SICK OR FUSSY CATS
Fancy Feast
Gerber chicken or turkey baby food
Pill pockets
Powdered Lysine supplement
KMR (kitten replacement formula) or Esbilac (puppy replacement formula)
Rx food dry or wet, especially gastrointestinal, urinary (SO)
Please check expiration dates on all food being donated!

NON-FOOD ITEMS
Toys, toys, and more toys!
Large cat trees
Scratchers
Back scratchers (used for socializing)
Organic catnip
Non-clumping litter
Litter scoops
Rescue Rememdy, Feliway spray
Laundry, cleaning, first aid supplies
Laundry detergent
Bleach
Non-scented dryer sheets
Paper towels
Dish washing detergent
Disposable gloves
Trash bags (50 gallon heavy duty and 13 gallon kitchen bags)
Dust brooms and pans
Sponges
Brooms
Bandaids
Peroxide, alcohol, triple antibiotic cream
Cotton balls, Q-Tips
and most of all, a home for every animal!

Please note: Any food/non-food items donated to the shelter that can't be used by us is donated to other grassroots rescue groups and Feral Feeders.

